hello Mac here for my speech Dean thing
and welcome to today's video tutorial
today's card is gonna start with our
scoring I've got a piece of crumb cake
that is five and a half by eight and a
half and I'm simply going to score it at
four and a quarter inches and then we're
done with our simply scored and we can
move it out of the way so now we're
ready to do our stamping I'm going to be
using the note peaking stamp set from
Stampin Up I'm going to start with our
little deer and I'm gonna stamp him in
soft suede onto a piece of very vanilla
card stock and this very vanilla of size
can vary you just need it big enough
where you can punch out with the two and
a half inch circle punch so now I've got
him and let's go ahead and take care of
our jolly Christmas also from the no
peeking stamp set and I'm going to ink
this up and stamp it onto a piece of
very vanilla that's two and 1/8 by five
and 1/8 I'm just gonna stamp it down in
the lower left-hand corner of that piece
alright we are done with our stamping
and we're going to start punching
so we reuse our two and a half inch
circle punch and punch out that cute
little reindeer is just barely gonna fit
in that punch and then we're ready to
build out our card so we're gonna start
with that crumb cake base and on top of
that I'm gonna add a piece of gumball
green that's going to be four and
one-eighth by five and three-eighths
that's just gonna fit right to the
inside there and then we're going to
start with that jolly Christmas layer
and put that into place and then I've
got a piece of cherry cobbler that is
two inches by five and 1/8 inches just
get that nice and lined up now we're
ready to add our designer series paper
so I've got two pieces of the be of good
cheer they're both going to be two
inches wide and then one is going to be
two and a half inches and the other
one's gonna be three and a half inches
long so let's go ahead and play with
this one first and then we can put this
one in place next
and now we're ready to play with some
ribbon and this guy so we're go ahead
and put some dimensionals on him just
make him pop up off that card and peel
these off this is gonna help give me my
spacing for my ribbon so I put him right
there so now we're ready to do our
ribbon I've got a piece of the cherry
cobbler and this is the dotted scalloped
ribbon and so I love this ribbon cuz
it's got polka dots on one side but not
on the other
and I think polka dots on here would be
a bit too much even though I'm a huge
polka dots and so what I'm gonna do is
take this and poke it outside I'm gonna
add some mini glue dots and I've got a
piece of gumball green that's 3/4 of an
inch by 2 and 3/4 of an inch
I'm just gonna layer this on and wrap it
around the backside so it doesn't fall
off I'm going to take my scissors I'm
just gonna mimic that Chevron I did with
the ribbon so I've got this and then I'm
ready to put it into place so I'm just
gonna go ahead and use another mini glue
dot because they're sitting right here
there we go and then if you have the 10
second bow maker when I used it was that
same one-sided ribbon but with the bow
maker you can do it with single said
ribbon without a problem so you can't
even tell that there's not any polka
dots on this ribbon or that there are
polka dots on this ribbon so if you
don't have a bow maker be sure to grab
one just go over to 10 second bow maker
calm and it comes with videos teaching
you how to do all these cool bows ok so
I'm just gonna take this now they're
mini glue dot drop it into place and
then we are ready to do the inside of
our card so for the inside of the card
we're gonna start with piece of gumball
green that's going to be 4 and 1/8 by
five and 3/8 and then on top of that
we're gonna add whisper white that's
gonna be 4 inches by five and a quarter
inches now I've got another piece of the
be of good cheer
it's going to be one inch by five and a
quarter inches and there we have the
inside so now all we need to do is our
envelope so it got a very vanilla
envelope and I could adhesive all around
that flap all the way to the edges of it
and I'm just gonna take some more of
this bo good cheer DSP and put it right
up to the crease and then the rest is
simple if you just take your scissors
and trim it out that is all there is to
decorating the outside of your little
envelope flap if you want to use
coordinating DSP so I hope you enjoyed
learning how to make today's card the
Jolly Christmas card if you like this
video and you liked what I taught be
sure to like it below and be sure to
share this video with your friends then
be sure to jump on over to I teach
stamping comm and sign it for my
newsletter where you can learn even more
about rubber stamping for card making
and scrap booking have a great day